[Music]
to see a tiger hunting ball is extremely
rare to capture it on camera is
virtually impossible
[Music]
but Pagani takes me by surprise
I'm worried she's taking a terrible risk
but as I watch I see a new began II I
changed Tiger this one is the Master
Hunter I knew at rentable she carefully
moves her tail around the grass steps to
ensure she makes no noise
[Music]
[Laughter]
surely nothing can stop her now
[Music]
the fact that began he leaves her kill
shows her confidence there is no one who
would dare take it this really is her
territory now it has been 18 days since
Lily gave birth
[Music]
for her to produce twins is not unusual
half of all panda births result in them
but before both twins to survive
certainly is
pandas almost always abandon one cub
it's thought that they don't have
sufficient milk or energy to care for
two but the team at Chengdu have hit
upon a cunning plan
[Music]
by removing one cup at birth and then
switching throughout the day and night
keepers are able to encourage and her
mother's to feed both siblings while
being under the impression that they
have only one
Lele is distracted with a bowl of honey
water but is reluctant to give up her
cabin
doing this successfully
requires enormous patience from the
keeper and great trust from the Panda
one twin is taken to the incubator where
it will have a top-up of formula milk
and switched for the other which will
now get his shares of his mother's milk
the keeper will swap the twins up to ten
times a day and Lili will almost always
have one cub with her
[Music]
Django's technique of twin swapping at
last opens away to a possible 100
percent survival rate in newborn captive
cups traditionally kazakh hunters pair
up with their Eagles for seven years
before setting them free but Marek now
has his doubts all the ng me but I've
undercooked rice till Kosovo
yes comparison I'm like so what's up
[Music]
as day breaks father and son returned to
the mountains
if Balaban can't catch a fox berik may
have to let her go and find another
eagle to train
[Music]
dala fan has caught the Fox just as she
was trained to she's now locked in a
fight to the death
[Music]
sai lau kills the fox as quickly as he
can
according to kazakh tradition bala pan
gets the fox's lungs the fox's thick
coat will be used for winter clothing
barrack has proved himself to be a
successful cuz I can tell ya a end of 30
be the thing in the Quran
yeah i feit underfunded for as long as
they have lived in the Altai mountains
Cavett's have relied on eagles at a
jungle hut this female finds a soul
despite being totally wild somehow she
has worked out what to do with it
late us-iranian turns have an opposable
thumb that allows them to grasp and
handle objects with precision over 20
years ago a rescue orangutan learned how
to saw by watching people constructing
the huts here but this is a totally
different and wild orangutan she seems
to take pride in her work even clearing
away the sawdust she's so smart she uses
her feet was a vice to steady the branch
filming a wild born and free living
orangutan mastering this complex task is
remarkable but no she's not the only
orangutan sawing
spy orangutan has joined her
[Music]
it seems to be bringing out a
competitive streak she's becoming even
more than thews e astok
[Music]
but for a novice sawing is tiring world
she's lost all momentum
[Music]
then finally calls it today spy
orangutan may have machine-like stamina
but is the astonishing and versatile
mind of the real orangutan that's one
the day she certainly earned her rest
both these males are in the state known
as must once a year usually during the
monsoon glands in front of the ears
swell up testosterone soars to 60 times
its normal level
[Music]
they become Restless aggressive and
ready to fight
[Music]
these huge bulls are in their prime
this is very different from a clash
between African elephants despite their
age and size neither of these giants has
tusks African elephants fight with their
tusks locked and their trunks draped
over them here the heads are down they
hold their trunks in their mouths
perhaps to avoid stepping on them but
even without tusks the aggression is
unmistakable
[Music]
elephants here once had tusks just as
their African cousins do
but centuries of hunting changed
everything
kill off the males with the biggest
ivory and only smaller tusked males will
get to breed and pass on their genes
with the contest decided the weaker
Mayall backs off
why most males go into must during the
monsoon is a mystery
females are receptive on and off all
year round these fights are more to do
with dominance and territory sex
[Music]
[Applause]
you